README.md, before:

# ApiRandomBytes

## Build and Run **with** Visual Studio

#### Top-Level Packages installed from NuGet:
```
...
  <ItemGroup>
    <PackageReference Include="Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication" Version="2.2.0" />
    <PackageReference Include="Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core" Version="2.2.5" />
    <PackageReference Include="Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi" Version="7.0.5" />
    <PackageReference Include="Swashbuckle.AspNetCore" Version="6.4.0" />
  </ItemGroup>
...
```

## Publishing the executable to an .exe file for Windows with Visual Studio
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tutorials/publishing-with-visual-studio?pivots=dotnet-7-0

## Summary of steps to publish 
1   Open your C# Web API project in Visual Studio.
2   Right-click on the project in the Solution Explorer and select "Publish".
3   In the "Publish" dialog, select "Folder" as the publish target and choose a folder where the published files will be stored.
4   Click the "Publish" button to publish the files to the selected folder.
5   Navigate to the published folder and locate the .exe file for your project.

## Build and Run **without** Visual Studio

### Prerequisites:

1  .NET Core SDK installed on your machine.
2   https://github.com/ivnepo1/RateLimitingAPI clone and setup in your local or target machine.
3   Open a command prompt or terminal window and navigate to the root directory of the RateLimitingAPI github project.
4   Install the Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication package by running the following command: `dotnet add package Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication`
5   Install the Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core package by running the following command: `dotnet add package Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core`
6   Install the Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi package by running the following command: `dotnet add package Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi`
7   Install the Swashbuckle.AspNetCore package by running the following command: `dotnet add package Swashbuckle.AspNetCore`
8   Restore any required NuGet packages by running the following command: `dotnet restore`
9   Build the project by running the following command: `dotnet build`
10  Run the project by running the following command: `dotnet run`

## Assumptions
GET /random - > means the endpoint must have the **last** part of the URL and not be the whole URL (localhost:5000/random vs localhost:5000/api/something/more/random)
HTTP Basic Auth - > No credential/password policy is needed as long as Basic Auth is implemented
Client can be identified with numbers - > not implemented
Returned object is simply JSON object with key-pair of "random" and base64 encoded string
*Extend the API with an Admin endpoint that can reset and/or modify the rate limit for a client.* -> this does **not** include the time window (10 seconds) and only the limit of bytes


## Features
- Extend the API with an Admin endpoint that can reset and/or modify the rate limit for a client.
- Limit can go up to 1048576 and as low as 100
- Postman Collection included for testing

## Notes
- This is my first C# project with Visual Studio :D

Commit message:

chore: update readme with testing notes

README.md, after:

# ApiRandomBytes by Ivan Nepomuceno

## Build and Run **with** Visual Studio

#### Top-Level Packages installed from NuGet:
```
...
  <ItemGroup>
    <PackageReference Include="Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication" Version="2.2.0" />
    <PackageReference Include="Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core" Version="2.2.5" />
    <PackageReference Include="Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi" Version="7.0.5" />
    <PackageReference Include="Swashbuckle.AspNetCore" Version="6.4.0" />
  </ItemGroup>
...
```

## Publishing the executable to an .exe file for Windows with Visual Studio
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tutorials/publishing-with-visual-studio?pivots=dotnet-7-0

## Summary of steps to publish 
1   Open your C# Web API project in Visual Studio.
2   Right-click on the project in the Solution Explorer and select "Publish".
3   In the "Publish" dialog, select "Folder" as the publish target and choose a folder where the published files will be stored.
4   Click the "Publish" button to publish the files to the selected folder.
5   Navigate to the published folder and locate the .exe file for your project.

## Build and Run **without** Visual Studio

### Prerequisites:

1  .NET Core SDK installed on your machine.
2   https://github.com/ivnepo1/RateLimitingAPI clone and setup in your local or target machine.
3   Open a command prompt or terminal window and navigate to the root directory of the RateLimitingAPI github project.
4   Install the Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication package by running the following command: `dotnet add package Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication`
5   Install the Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core package by running the following command: `dotnet add package Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core`
6   Install the Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi package by running the following command: `dotnet add package Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi`
7   Install the Swashbuckle.AspNetCore package by running the following command: `dotnet add package Swashbuckle.AspNetCore`
8   Restore any required NuGet packages by running the following command: `dotnet restore`
9   Build the project by running the following command: `dotnet build`
10  Run the project by running the following command: `dotnet run`

## Assumptions
GET /random - > means the endpoint must have the **last** part of the URL and not be the whole URL (localhost:5000/random vs localhost:5000/api/something/more/random)
HTTP Basic Auth - > No credential/password policy is needed as long as Basic Auth is implemented
Client can be identified with numbers and have individual rate limits - > not implemented
Returned object is simply JSON object with key-pair of "random" and base64 encoded string
*Extend the API with an Admin endpoint that can reset and/or modify the rate limit for a client.* -> this does **not** include the time window (10 seconds) and only the limit of bytes


## Features
- Extend the API with an Admin endpoint that can reset and/or modify the rate limit for a client.
- Limit can go up to 1048576 and as low as 100
- Postman Collection included for testing

## Notes
- Testing was done manually (Console App + Swagger included by Visual Studio + Postman):
    - GetRandomBytes
    - Base64Encode <-> Base64Decode
    - Rate limitting (with reset and modify) working based on returned "X-Rate-Limit" header
- This is my first C# project with Visual Studio :D
